# 2022.08.17 Minutes

Time 1500 PM (BST)

- Co-Chair – Chris Lloyd-Jones - Avanade
- Co-Chair - Dan Lewis-toakley - Thoughtworks
- Convener – Sean Mcilroy - Linux Foundation
  
## Roll call 

Markus Seidl<br>
Doha Fernandez<br>
Chris Lloyd-Jones (Avanade)<br>
Sean Mcilroy<br>
Marco Valtas (Thoughtworks)<br>
Nick Vilimek<br>
Dan Lewis-Toakley<br>
Vaughan<br>
Bastian Pflitsch<br>
Szymon (Simon) Duchniewicz<br>
Asim Hussain<br>
dan.benitah<br>
Akshit Batra<br>
Tammy McClellan <br>
Lu.L.Wang3<br>
Daniel Lazaro <br>
Navveen Balani<br>
Yassine El Ghali<br>
Cameron Casher <br>

[Meeting recording](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UtblxKGyDdg5oNv4IwOHeMxmrQUvNHqdIBfE8RPnGbA/edit) 

## Antitrust Policy
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct 
all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. 
It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities 
that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are 
described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. 
If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, 
feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
  
## Agenda Approval [Decision]

2022.08.17 Agenda

> Sean reviews the agenda - Vaughn motion to approve - no objections - Agenda approved
  
## Approval of previous meeting minutes [Decision]

[2022.08.03_Minutes](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/opensource_wg/blob/main/Agenda_Minutes/2022.08.03_Minutes.md)

> Szymon motion to approve - no objections - Minutes approved

## Project Migration [Decision]

**Proposal** - [Principles of Green Software](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/green-software-principles) to be handed over to the Community WG

> Proposal deferred. Transfer of project to Community WG tbc.

## Projects Update

- [ ] Vanghan / Szymon Duchniewicz - [Carbon aware SDK](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/carbon-aware-sdk)

Vanghan / Szymon make the following Presentation - https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1UIhrB-PvABY56ns42jQAF2flGd04zGKr0drzs_Z87Po/edit?usp=sharing

- Demo / Presentaion

- [ ]  Brian Hopper (Avanade) - [SCI Open Data](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/sci-data)

- [ ]  Navveen (Accenture) - [SCI Open Ontology](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wPIMHOGxvaDH743CT0upf2AVR9pXwl6v/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=109368751668006670411&rtpof=true&sd=true)

- [ ]  Fergus Kidd (Avanade) - [Carbon CI Pipeline Tooling](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/Carbon_CI_Pipeline_Tooling)

 - Furgus to make a demo on the 14th Sept

- [ ]  Dan Lewis-Toakley (Thoughtworks) - [Awesome Green Software](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/awesome-green-software/tree/dev)

## Review submitted discussions & issues

[Submitted discussions](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/innovation_wg/discussions)

- [Green Software Landscape - Proposal #41](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/opensource_wg/issues/41)
- [Complete an FAQ PR for the Open Ontology project](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/opensource_wg/issues/38)
- [Include hackathon in next newsletter](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/opensource_wg/issues/39)
- [[Involvement] Summer of Code](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/opensource_wg/issues/40)
- [New stale process for PRs and Issues](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/opensource_wg/issues/34)

## Opensource

[PR's](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/opensource_wg/pulls)

- https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/pr-faqs/pull/3 - Created SCI Open Ontology PR FAQ

## Project submissions

 - Reminder that members are invited to submit project proposals. For further information and advice please contact the WG Chair or GSF Staff 

## WG Meeting Schedule

> Bi weekly - Next meeting 31st Aug

## Any Other Business

> No added business

## Adjournment


Navveen motions to adjourn - No objections - meeting closed
