# 2022.05.25 Minutes

Time 1500 PM (BST)

- Co-Chair – Chris Lloyd-Jones - Avanade
- Co-Chair - Dan Lewis-toakley - Thoughtworks
- Convener – Sean Mcilroy - Linux Foundation
 
[Transcript/recording](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BDtithDca2SvcRsRbyVRzs6lWnmvwMOvQvqpZHflOs4/edit?usp=sharing)

## Roll call 
Sean Mcilroy - LF<br>
Markus Seidl - NTTData<br>
Nick Walker Avanade<br>
Chris Lloyd-Jones - Avanade <br>
Marina Emsing Syngenio - <br>
Dan Lewis-Toakley - TW <br>
Navveen Balani - Accenture<br>
Sarah Hsu - GS<br>
Lu Wang - Shell<br>
Razi Ahmadi - SDA<br>
Cameron Casher - TW<br>
Ankit Gupta - TW <br>
Akshit Batra - TW <br>
dan benitah - Avanage<br>
  
## Antitrust Policy
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct 
all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. 
It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities 
that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are 
described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. 
If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, 
feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
  
## Agenda Approval (decision) 
2022.05.25 Agenda

> Sean reviews the Agenda - Navveen motions to approve the agenda - no objectsions - agenda approved

## Approval of previous meeting minutes (decision)
[2022.05.11_Minutes](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/opensource_wg/blob/main/Agenda_Minutes/2022.05.11.Minutes.md)

> Navveen motions to approve the minutes - no objections - agenda approved

## Projects Update

Vanghan (MSFT) - [Carbon aware SDK](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/carbon-aware-sdk)

**CLJ** - There's documentation coming through, it's got a working branch, which includes what type of support and other clients in Java and other languages, both plugins, etc. There's been a lot of collaboration with one of their co chairs, but they're all behind the scenes. Now, that's done, there's going to be a meeting setup between Simon and Vaughn. Anyone interested from this group has ben posted in Slack to present what's coming, as well as some videos and a demo to actually explain what can be done. The demo will be a separate meeting, and we'll announce it in this working group. I believe the videos will probably be pre recorded and posted slack by Shimon and unborn.

Chris (GWF) - [SCI Open Data](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/sci-data)
> [Templates created for SCI submissions](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/sci-data/issues/new/choose)

> Chris unavailable for updates

Navveen (Accenture) - [SCI Open Ontology](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wPIMHOGxvaDH743CT0upf2AVR9pXwl6v/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=109368751668006670411&rtpof=true&sd=true)

**Navveen** we have started the bi weekly call. I've just created a pull request, which talks about when the session is scheduled. It's scheduled for 630 to 7pm PST, and we're progressing well. We are working on a couple of software models. Currently we are looking exploring how we get Let's replicate the we were based application for a software but we've applied is to basically clues as per the details or as per the constructs that we will lead right for the software boundary, and then maybe over a few weeks we should be able to finalise what does the final design looks like

Sarah (Goldman Sachs) - [Green_Software_principles](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/Green_Software_principles)

**Sarah** So we started working on a PR FAQs, not just for principals, but also what's the word patterns as well. So principle is about how we do things and patterns on how we apply things. Last week, we actually had a great discussion onward. Now we have principles and patterns, and we're going to introduce other practices, because we are going to make patterns vendor agnostic, like different cloud providers, different vendors to submit specific practice against a pattern. So that's how the conversation is flowing at the moment. We have created a periodic PR FAQ for patterns, and we went through the first row of PR FAQ for principals yesterday. We are hoping to do a code freeze on the principles for now, and then the tech writer will go away and make sure we're right. So because the PRS been written by some reasons, we just want to make sure that the writings are consistent and it's the most effective way for when we tried to teach people and turning principles into certification. Like principles will be one on onE, and then CI will be one like 201, so that's to be decided, but that's another milestone we are sort of thinking about. Right now, we're just hoping that the tech writers will take our content and help us out, and hopefully, we will kick off a consistent review in two weeks or three weeks. 

Fergus Kidd (Avanade) - [Carbon CI Pipeline Tooling](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/Carbon_CI_Pipeline_Tooling)

**CLJ** The group have agreed on regular sync calls. There is an initial working GitHub action, and everything going forward will be in the slack.

Dan Lewis-Toakley (Thoughtworks) - [Awesome Green Software](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/awesome-green-software/tree/dev)

**Dan** reviews the AWS project
> WG agree to merge dev in Main - Dan to create a PR and merge Dev into Main

## Review submitted discussions & issues

[Submitted discussions](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/innovation_wg/discussions)

## WG Meeting Schedule

Bi weekly - Next meeting 08th June
> Agreed

## Any Other Business

[GSF Global summit](https://greensoftware.foundation/)
> Sean offers an update for the upcoming GSF Summit

## Adjournment

Navveen motions to adjourn - No objections - Meeting closed
